feat: blockchain agnostic inputs (#89)
cartesi/rollups-contracts: onchain/rollups/.changeset/six-doors-grow.md

---
"@cartesi/rollups": major
---

-   Modified the `InputAdded` event:

    -   Removed the `sender` parameter.
    -   Changed the semantics of the `input` parameter.

> -   Added an `InputTooLarge` error.

Reviewer: Please keep the line you wrote, before all of these list items.

```md
Modified the `IInputBox` interface:
```

---
"@cartesi/rollups": major
---

Modified the IInputBox interface:

> -   removed `sender` from `InputAdded` event.
> -   correct the naming of `input` and `payload`.

Reviewer: Renaming is not very important for positional parameters. Solidity doesn't support keyword arguments like Python, so we don't have to worry. They are backwards-compatible. Meanwhile, semantic changes have to be notified.

```suggestion
-   Modified the `InputAdded` event:

    -   Removed the `sender` parameter.
    -   Changed the semantics of the `input` parameter.

-   Added an `InputTooLarge` error. 
```
